​Music | Lyrics
​​wotaku
​Vocal | Mix | Movie
​​Chogakusei
​Mastering
​​Tanaka Ryūichi (MIXER'S LAB)
​Illust
​​Nigata Ammon
​Hey, mister with his head hung low
​What's troubling you?
​If you're okay with me, would you like to talk about it?
​I can help you
​How on earth could that happen?
​That's quite the harsh story, brother
​I'll give you this, so just cheer up, okay?
​You can pay me the next time we meet
​​​ ​Shanti Shanti Shanti Shanti​ ​​
​​​ ​Shanti​ ​​
​Happy
​Candy
​​​ ​Happy Happy Happy Candy​ ​​
​​​ ​Many​ ​​
​Many
​Money
​​​ ​Many​ ​​
​Many
​Money
​The Chinatown that never sleeps
​It's all my territory
​Customers of all ages and genders
​Can be thrown away once they're used up
​Coming again tonight, huh?
​How did you like it?
​This'll be your bill
​Eh?
​You can't pay, huh?
​It can't be helped, then
​There's a job that perfectly suits you
​Come follow me this way
​​​ ​Come follow me this way​ ​​
​A burned up bar
​A  b u r n e d  u p  b a r
​or a stripper
​o r  a  s t r i p p e r
​The owner puts up
​T h e  o w n e r  p u t s  u p
​a shabby sign
​a  s h a b b y  s i g n
​The knife held aloft
​T h e  k n i f e  h e l d  a l o f t
​merely stabs into it
​m e r e l y  s t a b s  i n t o  i t
​It turned out exactly as
​I t  t u r n e d  o u t  e x a c t l y  a s
​he wanted from the start
​h e  w a n t e d  f r o m  t h e  s t a r t
​Wandering around with crazy eyes
​I understand you're selling your blood
​Lanterns and bellflowers bloomed at your life's end
​Just keep blindly believing what you do
​​​ ​Shut up,​ ​​
​​​ ​Beat up, Beat up, Beat up​ ​​
​​​ ​Tie down​ ​​
​​​ ​Tie down,​ ​​
​​​ ​Dismember​ ​​
​How about this one for tonight?
​Do you like it?
​This'll be your bill
​If you're alive, you're a customer
​If you're dead, you're merchandise
​No flaws, no waste, it's a perfectly circular business
​Where are you even looking?
​​​ ​Where are you even looking?​ ​​
​Yo! Young lady with her head hung low
​If you're okay with me, would you like to talk about it?
​Translation
​​Mikeneko Holmes & Eye
​